add example for ease functions (#15703)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

[Color animation](../examples/animation/color_animation.rs) | Demonstrates how to animate colors using mixing and splines in different color spaces
[Cubic Curve](../examples/animation/cubic_curve.rs) | Bezier curve example showing a cube following a cubic curve
[Custom Skinned Mesh](../examples/animation/custom_skinned_mesh.rs) | Skinned mesh example with mesh and joints data defined in code

> [Ease Functions](../examples/animation/ease_functions.rs) | Showcase of the built-in ease functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Easing Functions](../examples/animation/ease_functions.rs) | Showcases the built-in easing functions
```
